♪ SOME PEOPLE STAND
IN THE DARKNESS ♪
♪ AFRAID TO STEP
INTO THE LIGHT ♪
♪ SOME PEOPLE NEED
TO HELP SOMEBODY ♪
♪ WHEN THE EDGE OF
SURRENDER'S IN SIGHT ♪
♪ DON'T YOU WORRY
♪ IT'S GONNA BE ALL RIGHT
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS READY
♪ I WON'T LET YOU
OUT OF MY SIGHT ♪
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ WHENEVER YOU FEAR
♪ OH DON'T YOU FEAR
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ FOREVER AND ALWAYS
♪ I'M ALWAYS HERE
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS READY
♪ I WON'T LET YOU
OUT OF MY SIGHT ♪
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ NEVER YOU FEAR
♪ OH DON'T YOU FEAR
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ FOREVER AND ALWAYS ♪
♪ I'M ALWAYS HERE
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-FIRE DEPARTMENT
SAVES 20 LIVES.
BET YOU IT DOESN'T EVEN MENTION
THAT WE PUT OF THE BLAZE
BEFORE THEY EVEN GOT THERE.
-SOME OF US AREN'T IN
THIS FOR THE GLORY, MITCH.
-JUST THE SOOT, RIGHT?
-[LAUGHS] RIGHT.
-THERE'S SOMETHING UP AHEAD
IN THE WATER, ABOUT 2:00.
-HANG ON.
[BOAT ENGINE REVS]
-IT'S A DOG.
-TAKE THE WHEEL,
BROOKE. GET ME CLOSE.
-RIGHT ABOUT TWO.
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
-COME HERE, PAL.
I GOTCHA, I GOTCHA.
OKAY. YEAH.
HANG ON.
-COME HERE, BABY.
[GRUNTS]
I GOT HIM, MITCH.
-OKAY.
-GOT HIM?
COME ON, BOY.
GOT HIM?
-EASY. EASY.
-THERE'S NO TAG ON THE COLLAR.
MUST'VE FALLEN OFF A BOAT.
-WE'RE TEN MILES OUT.
THERE'S NO BOATS OUT HERE.
-IT'S AMAZING HE'S STILL ALIVE.
-HE WON'T BE FOR LONG.
HYPOTHERMIA'S SETTING IN.
COME ON. GET US BACK
TO HEADQUARTERS.
[BOAT ENGINE CRANKS]
[BOAT ENGINE REVS]
-NOW, EDDIE, I'M GONNA
ASK YOU A COUPLE QUESTIONS.
SO JUST TRY AND FOLLOW ALONG.
OKAY.
"YOU OBJECT TO YOUR GIRLFRIEND
FLIRTING WITH OTHER GUYS:
NEVER, SOMETIMES, ALWAYS?"
-SOMETIMES.
-SOMETIMES?
-MOST OF THE TIME.
FINE, ALWAYS. ALWAYS.
-[SCOFFS] OKAY, LET'S SEE.
"YOU AND YOUR GIRLFRIEND
CRY AT THE SAME MOVIE:
NEVER, SOMETIMES, ALWAYS?"
-[SCOFFS] WHO WRITES THIS
STUFF? IT'S OBVIOUSLY NOT A MAN.
-WHAT?
-SOMETIMES.
-EDDIE, YOU HAVE NEVER ONCE
CRIED AT A MOVIE WITH ME.
-FINE. NEVER.
-OKAY.
-"YOU ARE THE ONE
WHO PLANS THE DATES:
NEVER, SOMETIMES, ALWAYS?"
-ME GET TO PLAN ONE
OF OUR DATES? NEVER.
-COME ON, EDDIE.
YOU JUST GOT US TICKETS TO GO
TO THE BALL GAME LAST WEEK.
-WHICH WE GAVE
TO MITCH AND HOBIE
BECAUSE WE HAD THE
CHARITY BENEFIT.
MY ANSWER REMAINS NEVER.
-YOU'RE STILL MAD
ABOUT THAT, AREN'T YOU?
I KNEW IT! YOU'RE STILL MAD.
-SHAUNI, WE ALWAYS
DO WHAT YOU WANT.
-WE ALWAYS HAVE FUN, EDDIE.
-OH, FUN. RIGHT.
LET'S SEE. CHARITY BENEFITS.
OOH, HEY,
HOW ABOUT THOSE
LITTLE TEENY-WEENY
BINOCULARS AT THE OPERA?
AND OH, HEY, LET'S NOT FORGET
ABOUT THE SEVEN DIFFERENT
KNIVES AND SPOONS
AT DINNERTIME, HUH?
-I GUESS WE HAVE DIFFERENT
IDEA ABOUT WHAT'S FUN.
I GUESS WE HAVE REAL DIFFERENT
IDEAS ABOUT A LOT OF THINGS.
-WHAT'S THAT SUPPOSE TO MEAN?
-IT MEANS WE JUST SCORED A
TEN ON THE COMPATIBILITY TEST.
-TEN? TEN COULD BE GOOD.
-NOT WHEN IT'S
OUT OF 100.
-OH. WELL, SO WHAT?
WHO CARES WHAT SOME
STUPID TEST SAYS ANYWAY?
-EDDIE, THIS TEST
IS NOT THE POINT.
THE POINT IS THAT WE
HAVE SO MANY DIFFERENCES.
YOU OBVIOUSLY HAVE A LOT OF
RESENTMENT ABOUT THE THINGS
THAT I LIKE FOR
US TO DO TOGETHER.
THAT'S THE POINT.
I JUST FEEL LIKE WE'RE
SO DIFFERENT, YOU KNOW?
AND MAYBE WE NEED TO--
-WHAT?
-MAYBE WE JUST NEED SOME SPACE.
-OH, COME ON.
HEY!
[SOMBER MUSIC]
-HEY, PAL. YOU HUNGRY?
EASY, EASY, EASY. TAKE IT EASY.
-HOW'S OUR PATIENT DOING?
-WELL, HE'S DEFINITELY
OFF THE CRITICAL LIST
AND TAKING NOURISHMENT.
-WE'VE CHECKED THE
POUNDS, SHELTERS,
NO MISSING DOG FITTING
HIS DESCRIPTION.
YOU SWEET THING. DON'T
WORRY, WE'LL FIND YOUR OWNER.
-WE COULD TAKE HIS
PICTURE, XEROX SOME FLIERS,
AND DISTRIBUTE
THOUGHT THE MARINA.
STILL GOT YOUR CAMERA WITH YOU?
YEAH.
YEAH, IT'S IN MY
LOCKER. I'LL GO GET IT.
-GREAT!
-WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO WITH HIM
UNTIL WE FIND HIS OWNER, MITCH?
-I DUNNO, BUT HE'S A GOOD
LOOKING DOG, ISN'T HE?
COME HERE, PAL.
[DOG GROWLS]
AH, MAYBE I'LL JUST UM,
MAYBE I'LL JUST TAKE
HIM HOME WITH ME.
MAYBE HE'LL TAKE ME HOME HERE.
-GRACIE, DON'T EVER GIVE GEORGE
A COMPATIBILITY TEST, HUH?
[PHONE DIALS]
-ANSWER MATE, NICOLE
SPEAKING. HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
-IT'S EDDIE. HOW YOU
DOING NICOLE? NUMBER 1007.
-HI, EDDIE.
HOW'S MY FAVORITE
LIFEGUARD DOING TODAY?
-WELL, LET'S JUST SAY IT'S
NICE TO HEAR A FRIENDLY VOICE.
-YOU SOUND
A LITTLE TENSE.
-I'VE HAD BETTER DAYS.
SO WHAT DO YOU GOT FOR ME?
-MITCH CALLED HE WANTS
YOU TO WORK TOWER 18 TODAY.
-OH, YEAH? WHAT SHIFT?
-TWO TO SEVEN.
I WISH I WORKED AT THE BEACH.
I'D LOVE TO BE THERE AT SUNSET.
IT SOUNDS SO SEXY.
THE SUNLIGHT OFF THE
WAVES, COOL BREEZE.
ENJOY IT, EDDIE. BYE.
-BYE.
[GRUNTS]
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
-HEY, DO WE A FAVOR,
WILL YA? WATCH HIM.
I GOTTA CHECK THE
TOWER ASSIGNMENTS.
-WHERE'D HE COME FROM?
HEY. HOW YOU DOING?
CAN YOU SIT, HUH?
HEY, THAT'S A GOOD TRICK.
-HI.
HEY, EDDIE. CAN WE TALK?
[CLEARS THROAT]
PLEASE STOP IGNORING ME. YOU'RE
REALLY BEING UNREASONABLE.
-I'M BEING UNREASONABLE?
WELL, WHY DON'T YOU JUST
ADD THAT TO THE LIST?
-SHAUNI, I WILL WAIT
FOR YOU OUTSIDE, OKAY?
EDDIE, IT'S BEEN REAL
GOOD TO MEET YOU.
-YEAH.
-I THINK I'M GOING
TO LIKE IT HERE.
-WELL, I GOTTA GO.
-OH YEAH, YEAH.
YOU WOULDN'T WANT TO
KEEP DEREK WAITING.
YOU KNOW, TWO CAN
PLAY THAT GAME.
AIN'T THAT RIGHT, BUD?
HEY, WHY DON'T YOU UH,
WATCH YOURSELF, HUH?
[PHONE DIALS]
-ANSWER MATE. NICOLE
SPEAKING. HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
-HEY, NICOLE. IT'S--
-EDDIE. HI.
-HI. UH, GOT ANY MESSAGES?
-NOTHING SO FAR.
-LISTEN, NICOLE, I'M WORKING
TOWER 18 FROM TWO TO SEVEN.
-I KNOW.
THERE'S SUPPOSE TO BE A
BEAUTIFUL SUNSET TONIGHT.
-WHY DON'T YOU COME DOWN
AND WATCH IT WITH ME?
-IT'S AMAZING. HOW
DID YOU DO THAT?
-GOTTA LET HIM KNOW
YOU MEAN BUSINESS.
-LET'S GO!
-HERE YOU GO.
LISTEN, IF YOU RECOGNIZE
THIS DOG OR IT'S OWNER,
WOULD YOU PLEASE CALL BAYWATCH
HEADQUARTERS, LET US KNOW?
NUMBERS AT THE
BOTTOM OF THE PAGE.
OKAY? THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
-BYE.
-UH HUH.
[BEACHGOERS TALKING
IN BACKGROUND]
[PHONE RINGS]
-TOWER 19.
-SHAUNI? EDDIE.
JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW
I WON'T BE GOING BACK
TO HEADQUARTERS TONIGHT.
-OH, WHY NOT?
-GOT PLANS.
-WITH WHO?
6-DOESN'T MATTER. SEE YOU LATER.
-HI, EDDIE.
[GIGGLES]
-NICOLE?
-I CAME DOWN A LITTLE
EARLY. I HOPE YOU DON'T MIND.
-OH, NOT AT ALL.
-OKAY, GREAT! I'LL
SET EVERYTHING UP.
-WELL, UH, ACTUALLY,
NICOLE, I WAS--
I'M STARVING AND I WAS
REALLY KINDA HOPING
MAYBE WE COULD GO OUT
AND GET SOMETHING TO EAT.
-BUT EDDIE, THE SUNSET.
OF COURSE, THERE IS ALWAYS
CANDLELIGHT. [GIGGLES]
-THAT'S RIGHT.
[HORN HONKS]
-HEY, EDDIE. YOU
HAVE A GOOD TIME.
-UM, I'VE GOTTA CLOSE
UP MY TOWER AND CHANGE.
-OH, OH, OKAY. YOU WANT
ME TO GO DOWN THERE?
-THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
-OKAY.
-YEAH.
I'LL, I'LL HUSTLE IT UP.
-OKAY, I'LL SEE YOU IN A BIT.
-OKAY.
[LIGHT, UPLIFTING MUSIC]
-COME ON, COME ON.
HEY, HOBESTER!
COME ON DOWN. I GOT
SOMEONE I WANT YOU TO MEET.
-DAD! DAD, A DOG!
WHERE'D YOU GET HIM?
-ISN'T HE A BEAUT?
I RESCUED HIM OFF SAN
PEDRO THIS MORNING.
WE'RE GONNA TAKE CARE OF HIM
UNTIL WE CAN FIND HIS OWNERS.
-YOU RESCUED HIM? THAT
MEANS YOU'RE RESPONSIBLE.
-RESPONSIBLE TO FIND
HIS OWNER, THAT'S ALL.
-CAN'T WE KEEP HIM?
-HOBESTER, I KNOW HOW
MUCH YOU'RE LOVE A DOG,
BUT HE'S NOT OURS.
-BUT HE'S SUCH A GREAT DOG!
-AND I KNOW SOMEBODY
MISSES HIM VERY MUCH.
LOOK, I DON'T WANT YOU
TO GET TOO ATTACHED HERE
BECAUSE WHEN HE LEAVES,
YOU'RE GONNA GET REAL UPSET.
-I WON'T. COME ON, BOY.
-OH, SAND EVERYWHERE!
-HEY, DAD, I'M
GONNA NAME HIM SANDY.
-OH. GREAT!
[PATRONS CHATTING,
GLASSES CLINKING]
-SO EDDIE, WHAT'S GOOD HERE?
-OH, EVERY--
EVERYTHING. EVERY--
EVERYTHING IS GOOD.
IT'S UH, EVERYTHING
IS REAL GOOD.
-I'VE EMBARRASSED
YOU, HAVEN'T I?
-NO, NICOLE. I--
-EDDIE, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO SAY ANYTHING.
I KNOW I EMBARRASSED
YOU ON THE BEACH TODAY
IN FRONT OF YOUR FRIENDS,
AND I'M EMBARRASSING
YOU RIGHT NOW.
YOU'VE NEVER BEEN TO THIS
RESTAURANT BEFORE, HAVE YOU?
-NO. NO, NICOLE, I HAVEN'T.
BUT YOU DIDN'T EMBARRASS
ME. I EMBARRASS ME.
-EDDIE, I OWE YOU AN APOLOGY.
I SHOULDN'T HAVE JUST SHOWN
UP AT YOUR TOWER LIKE THAT
WITHOUT TELLING YOU.
-NO, NICOLE. YOU DON'T HAVE
TO APOLOGIZE FOR ANYTHING.
-I JUST WANTED TO
MEET YOU SO MUCH.
AND I'M ASHAMED
OF THE WAY I LOOK.
THAT'S WHY I GOT THE JOB
AT THE ANSWERING SERVICE,
SO NO ONE COULD SEE ME.
I COULD PRETEND TO BE THIN,
PRETEND THAT FOOD
WASN'T THE ONLY THING
I HAD TO COME HOME TO.
SO IF YOU WANNA LEAVE,
I'LL UNDERSTAND.
-LEAVE? HELL NO, I
DON'T WANNA LEAVE.
WE'RE STAYING.
YOU AND I ARE GOING TO INITIATE
THIS RESTAURANT TOGETHER.
-REALLY? ARE YOU SURE?
-ABSOLUTELY. HAVE YOU
EVER KNOWN ME TO LIE?
-NAH. [CHUCKLES]
-NAH.
GARCON!
-[TV ANCHOR] WAS DISCOVERED
THAT THE PRISONERS
HAD ESCAPED FROM TERMINAL
ISLAND EARLY THIS MORNING
AND ARE STILL AT LARGE.
WHILE NOT THOUGHT TO BE
ARMED, THEY ARE DANGEROUS.
AND IN OTHER NEWS, THE
L.A. COUNTY FIRE DEPARTMENT
HEROICALLY EXTINGUISHED AN
OUT OF CONTROL FIRE ON A YACHT
ANCHORED JUST OUTSIDE
CATALINA HARBOR EARLIER TODAY.
ALL ABOARD WERE SAFE
WITH ONLY MINOR INJURIES.
-AND?
-[TV ANCHOR] AND
NOW WITH SPORTS--
-YOU! I KNEW IT!
-SANDY, WAIT!
[DOG BARKS]
-HEY! OH! OH, DOWN, DOWN!
HE'S FILTHY! WHAT ARE
YOU DOING HERE, HUH?
-I'M SORRY, DAD. HE GOT AWAY
FROM ME AND GOT IN THE MUD.
-GET HIM OUTSIDE AND
GET HIM CLEANED UP.
AND WILL YOU GET
CLEANED UP, TOO?
6YOU GOTTA BE A TIMMY'S
IN A HALF AN HOUR.
KELLY'S ON HER WAY OVER.
I'M TRYING TO HAVE A NICE, QUIET
DINNER IF YOU GET MY DRIFT!
-SURE DO, DAD.
-THANK YOU!
[SMOKE DETECTOR BEEPING]
AH!
[GROANS]
[DOORBELL CHIMES]
AH! DON'T TELL ME.
THIS CAN'T BE, THIS
CAN'T--[CHUCKLES]
OH, IT IS.
HEY!
-HI!
I'M NOT EARLY, AM I?
-NO. GOD, YOU LOOK GREAT.
OH, WATCH OUT. I GOT
A LITTLE MESS HERE.
[LAUGHS]
-HI, HOBIE.
-HI, KELLY.
-OH, WHO'S THIS?
-MY DAD RESCUED
HIM OUTTA THE OCEAN.
-OH! OH, NICE TO
MEET YOU, FELLA.
HE'S CUTE.
-REMEMBER, I'M SPENDING
THE NIGHT AT TIMMY'S.
-YES, I REMEMBER.
-BYE, KELLY.
-BYE.
-SEE YOU LATER, DAD.
OH, HAVE A NICE TIME, GUYS.
-GET OUTTA HERE!
[DOOR SHUTS]
-[CHUCKLES] NICE KID, HUH?
-[LAUGHS]
-NO, NICOLE, YOU HAVE A
LOT OF WONDERFUL QUALITIES
THAT HAVE ABSOLUTELY NOTHING
TO DO WITH YOUR WEIGHT.
-OH YEAH? NAME ONE OR TEN.
[LAUGHS]
-YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR.
AND LET'S NOT FORGET THE
WAY YOU HELP YOUR CLIENTS
WITH ALL THOSE CRAZY MESSAGES.
[LAUGHS]
-AND YOU HAVE A
VERY SEXY LAUGH.
-BUT LOOK AT ME.
-I AM.
AND WHAT I SEE IS A BEAUTIFUL
PERSON WHO HAS A LOT TO OFFER.
NICOLE, IT'S A LOT
EASIER TO FIX THE OUTSIDE
THAN IT IS THE INSIDE.
-EDDIE, I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT LOSING SOME WEIGHT.
-YOU CAN DO IT,
NICOLE. IF YOU WANT TO.
IT'S UP TO YOU, BUT YOU
CAN ONLY LOSE IT FOR YOU,
NOBODY ELSE.
BUT I KNOW YOU CAN DO IT.
THE POWER IS IN HERE.
I KNOW YOU CAN.
-CHEERS.
[BARKS]
I THINK THE MEAT'S A
LITTLE OVER DONE. I'M SORRY.
-OH, NO. THE
DINNER'S GREAT, MITCH.
-GREAT.
-BUT SANDY DOESN'T
SOUND TOO HAPPY.
WHY DOES HE HAVE TO BE
IN THE LAUNDRY ROOM?
-ARE YOU KIDDING?
LAUNDRY ROOM'S HIS
FAVORITE ROOM, YOU KNOW?
IT'S WARM, COZY.
IT'S NICE IN THERE.
HE LIKES IT IN THERE.
[BARKING]
-MAYBE HE'S HUNGRY.
-YOU'RE RIGHT. LOOK,
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK, OKAY?
PERFECT TIMING.
I HEAR YOU, SWEETHEART, YES.
[BARKS]
SANDY, IF I GIVE YOU THIS JUICY
BONE, WILL YOU JUST CAN IT?
I'M TRYING TO HAVE
A QUIET DINNER HERE.
SHH! SHH!
MMM, GOOD, HMM?
HA HA HA, YOU'RE
RIGHT, HE WAS HUNGRY.
AH. OKAY.
I WOULD LIKE TO MAKE A TOAST.
-OKAY.
-TO YOU, TO US, TO OUR NIGHT.
-CHEERS.
[BARKS AND SCRATCHES]
-MAYBE HE'S LONELY.
OH, COME HERE.
COME ON, GOOD BOY.
YES. COME ON. YES.
AWW, THE GOOD BOY.
SEE, MITCH, HE WAS JUST LONELY.
[LAUGHS]
HI, GOOD BOY.
[BARKS]
HE'S AFFECTIONATE, TOO. [LAUGHS]
-YES.
I THINK HE'S HAD ENOUGH
COMPANY FOR TONIGHT, DON'T YOU?
HE'S LOOKS AWFULLY TIRED TO ME.
-OH, YOU THINK SO?
-HE WAS IN THE OCEAN
ALL DAY SWIMMING.
I HAD TO RESCUE HIM.
COME ON. LET'S GET
SOME SLEEP, HUH?
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
LISTEN, SANDY, I
SAVED YOU LIFE, MAN,
AND YOU'RE NOT
SHOWING ANY GRATITUDE.
JUST KEEP A LOW
PROFILE, PLEASE? PLEASE?
[LAUGHS]
WHAT? WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
-SANDY'S LONELY, MITCH. HE
NEEDS YOU MORE THAN I DO.
-HE'S LONELY? HE'S
NOT EVEN MY DOG.
-MITCH, YOU'RE DISTRACTED.
-I'M NOT, I'M NOT.
I'M REALLY NOT.
-SPEND SOME TIME WITH HIM. HE
MUST REALLY MISS HIS MASTER.
WE'LL HAVE OTHER NIGHTS.
[SOFT MOANING]
-TOMORROW NIGHT?
-MY PLACE, 8:00.
[GIGGLES]
-BYE.
-BYE, BYE.
[GROANS]
[BARKS]
THANKS A LOT, DOG! ALPO BREATH!
[BARKING]
OH. OH, MAN.
SHUT UP!
[BARKING]
UH. [SIGHS] 2:00.
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL THING.
THAT'S TWO HOURS
YOU'VE BEEN BARKING.
[BARKS]
I GAVE YOU PIZZA.
I GAVE YOU RICE CAKES.
YOU HAVEN'T EVEN TOUCHED
YOUR RAISIN COOKIES.
WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT FROM ME?
[BARKS]
I WISH YOU COULD TELL ME
WHAT HAPPENED, BUT YOU CAN'T.
I KNOW YOU MISS
YOUR MASTER, SANDY.
AND I KNOW YOUR
NAME'S NOT SANDY.
I'M TELLING YOU,
WE'LL GET YOU HOME.
LIFEGUARDS ARE REALLY
GOOD AT FINDING LOST KIDS.
WE LOSE 'EM ALL THE
TIME, BUT WE FIND 'EM.
I PROMISE YOU, WE'LL
GET YOU TO YOUR MASTER,
BUT RIGHT NOW, I
NEED SOME SLEEP!
[BARKS]
OKAY?
SLEEP. SLEEP.
SHH, SHH! THAT'S GOOD. SHH, SHH!
HMM. TOLD HIM. HMM.
[BARKS]
I SHOULD HAVE LET HIM DROWN.
WHAT IS IT? WHAT DO YOU WANT?
WHAT IS THE STORY?
I SWEAR, IF I HADN'T
JUST SAVED YOUR LIFE,
I'D SWEAR YOU'RE
TRYING TO PISS ME OFF!
AWW, GEES, SANDY.
OH, NO. OH, NO!
I'M GONNA GET YOU, SANDY!
NO! NO!
[GROANS]
-DAD, I'M HOME.
DAD? DAD?
SANDY!
HEY, SANDY. WHERE'S DAD?
[BARKS]
WHAT'S HE DOING IN THERE?
DAD?
-HMM?
AH! OH.
-DAD, I'M SURE HOPING
YOU CAN EXPLAIN THIS.
[LIGHT, INSPIRATIONAL MUSIC]
♪ ALL SUMMER LONG YOU'VE BEEN
♪ RUNNING THROUGH MY MIND
♪ COME AND FIND ME IN MY DREAMS
♪ NO I DON'T LAY AWAKE AT NIGHT
♪ YOU DON'T YOU REALIZE HOW MUCH
♪ A MOMENT MEANS TO ME
♪ YOUR HAND TOUCHING MINE
♪ IT'S LIKE COLLIDING GALAXIES
♪ WHEN I THINK ABOUT YOU
♪ IT MAKES ME SMILE
♪ I THINK I'M GONNA STAY HERE ♪
♪ FOR A WHILE
♪ 'CAUSE WHEN I THINK ABOUT YOU
♪ IT'S DESTINY YOU GOT THE MAGIC
♪ I WANT TO BELIEVE ♪
♪ I'VE FALLING
♪ I'VE FALLING I'VE FALLING
♪ I WANNA STAY HERE WITH MY EYES CLOSED
♪ I CAN SEE I CAN FEEL YOU GOT
♪ YOU GOT ME HERE
♪ WITH MY EYES CLOSED
♪ I CAN SEE I CAN FEEL
♪ YOU GOT...YOU GOT ME
[WAVES CRASH]
[COUGHS]
-IT'S OKAY, NICOLE.
IT'S OKAY, I GOT YOU.
IT'S ALL RIGHT. TAKE IT EASY.
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING]
-MAN: WE GOT
A BEACHED WHALE HERE?
-ARE YOU OKAY? HUH?
[COUGHING AND CRYING]
-YOU'RE GONNA BE OKAY. OKAY?
WE'LL TAKE YOU BACK
TO HEADQUARTERS.
EDDIE, LISTEN.
DARRYL CAN WATCH MY TOWER
WHILE I'M GONE, OKAY?
COME ON.
NICOLE, LISTEN.
SHAUNI'S GOING TO TAKE
CARE OF YOU, OKAY?
I CAN'T LEAVE MY TOWER,
BUT SHE'S GONNA TAKE
REAL GOOD CARE OF YOU.
ALL RIGHT? I'LL
CHECK ON YOU LATER.
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY,
BREAK IT UP!
BREAK IT UP HERE!
I'LL CHECK ON YOU LATER!
[CROWD LAUGHS]
-MAN: SAVE THE WHALE! WHOO!
[TRUCK CRANKS]
-HOWDY. [LAUGHS]
SO THIS IS THE FAMOUS SEA
DOG I'VE HEARD SO MUCH ABOUT.
YOUR PICTURE DOESN'T
DO YOU JUSTICE.
-JUSTICE? REAL JUSTICE
WOULD BE A TRIP TO THE POUND.
-WHAT'S THE MATTER, MITCH?
HAVEN'T YOU AND SANDY
BEEN HITTING IT OFF?
YOU LOOK EXHAUSTED.
-LET'S JUST SAY I WOKE
UP ON THE WRONG SIDE
OF THE DRYER THIS MORNING.
LOOK, DO ME A FAVOR, WILL YA?
TAKE HIM FOR THE
DAY. JUST FOR TODAY.
I'LL OWE YA ONE, OKAY?
-OKAY. MAYBE SOMEBODY
WILL RECOGNIZE HIM.
[TRUCK CRANKS]
[TIRES SQUEAL]
AH, POOR MITCH.
HE DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO HANDLE
A HOUSE GUEST, DOES HE?
RIGHT, BOY? [LAUGHS]
WELL, YOU AND I ARE GOING
TO HAVE A GREAT TIME.
SO HOW ABOUT A WALK
ON THE BEACH, HUH?
SANDY, HEEL.
SANDY! SANDY, GET BACK HERE!
[LIVELY MUSIC BEAT]
[LIVELY UPBEAT MUSIC]
NOW, ALL RIGHT, SANDY! I AM
THROUGH MESSING WITH YOU!
NOW, I'M GONNA GIVE YOU
ONE MINUTE PERSONAL TIME
BY THAT TREE OVER THERE,
BUT DON'T YOU GO ANYWHERE!
[BARKS]
-THERE'S NO WAY,
MAN! IT CAN'T BE!
-SANDY! OH! SANDY!
-LET'S GET THE HECK
OUTTA HERE, MAN.
THAT FRIGGING DOG
HAS A COP WITH HIM!
-SANDY! SANDY! GET BACK
HERE, YOU STUPID MUTT!
[BOAT ENGINE CRANKS]
-COME ON! SA--
OH NO, NOT AGAIN!
DOGGONE IT, DOG!
[BARKS]
SANDY, WHAT IS IT, BOY? HUH?
GIVE ME MITCH AT BAYWATCH
HEADQUARTERS, FAST.
[BARKS]
IT'S ALL RIGHT. IT'S ALL RIGHT.
-YOUR MOUTH'S DRY
AND YOU'RE WEAK,
AND YOU SAY YOU ALMOST FAINTED
AFTER THE FIRST WAVE HIT YOU.
ARE YOU TAKING
DIET PILLS, NICOLE?
YEAH.
HAVE YOU EATEN ANYTHING TODAY?
-JUST SAND AND SALTWATER.
-HEY, THIS ISN'T A JOKE!
BY TAKING THOSE DIET PILLS
AND LAYING OUT IN THE SUN
WITH NO FOOD IN YOUR SYSTEM,
YOU COULD'VE BEEN
REALLY SERIOUSLY HURT.
-SERIOUSLY HURT?
I'VE SPENT MY ENTIRE LIFE
BEING SERIOUSLY HURT!
HURT BY JOKES AT MY EXPENSE!
YOU HEARD THEM OUT THERE.
I'VE ALWAYS HATED
GIRLS LIKE YOU.
THIN AND BEAUTIFUL.
EVERYTHING COMING SO EASY.
CHEERLEADING AND DATES.
CLOTHES THAT FIT.
I CAN'T TELL YOU HOW MAY
CRASH DIETS I'VE TRIED.
HOW MANY TIMES
I'VE LOST 20 POUNDS
ONLY TO GAIN 30 BACK.
A PERSON CAN BE CALLED LARD BUTT
ONLY SO MANY TIMES WITHOUT--
DO YOU KNOW WHAT CLASS I DREADED
ALL DURING SCHOOL, SHAUNI?
NOT HISTORY OR
BIOLOGY OR ALGEBRA.
GYM CLASS. [CHUCKLES]
PUTTING ON THOSE SHORTS FOR
EVERYONE TO SEE AND LAUGH AT.
YOU KNOW WHAT I
REALIZE NOW, SHAUNI?
IT'S NOT EVEN THE GIRLS
LIKE YOU THAT I HATE.
IT'S ME. [CRIES]
I HATE MYSELF.
-I CAN RELATE TO THAT
SELF HATRED, NICOLE.
AND YOU'RE RIGHT.
I WAS A CHEERLEADING
IN HIGHSCHOOL,
AND I HAD GREAT CLOTHES
AND LOTS OF DATES.
LOTS OF DATES.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I NEVER KNEW IF THOSE
GUYS LIKE ME FOR ME,
OR FOR WHO THEY
THOUGHT THAT I WAS
BECAUSE OF THE WAY I LOOKED.
IT WAS AS IF IT DIDN'T
MATTER THAT I HAD A HEART,
AND FEELINGS AND A BRAIN.
IT DIDN'T MATTER AT ALL.
BECAUSE THEY NEVER
ASKED ME MY OPINION.
AND IF I GAVE IT, ANYWAY,
THEY NEVER LISTENED.
AND THAT HURT.
THEY DIDN'T BOTHER TO
LOOK DEEPER INTO ME.
AND I GUESS FOR A WHILE,
I QUIT LOOKIN', TOO.
AND I DID A LOT OF THINGS THAT
I AM NOT PROUD OF, NICOLE.
AND I HATED MYSELF.
BUT THEN I MET SOMEONE
WHO BELIEVED IN ME.
IN ME, FOR WHO I
AM ON THE INSIDE.
AND HE HELPED ME
BELIEVE IN MYSELF.
AND NICOLE, LIKING WHO YOU ARE
ON THE INSIDE IS EVERYTHING.
-IS THAT PERSON EDDIE?
-YEAH.
-HE'S A REALLY TERRIFIC GUY.
I'VE NEVER FELT SO LIKED,
SO MUCH ACCEPTANCE
IN MY ENTIRE LIFE.
HE'S A HUNK. [LAUGHS]
HE IS.
-YEAH.
-BUT, UH, WHAT HE'S
GOT ON THE INSIDE,
CUTE COULD NEVER TOUCH.
-HE'S MY BEST FRIEND.
-HE'S MINE, TOO.
[SNIFFLES]
-I TRACED THE BOAT
THEY TOOK OFF ON.
IT BELONGS TO A TILLY MCKAY.
SHE HASN'T BEEN
SEEN IN THREE DAYS.
-WHERE WERE THEY HEADED?
-THEY HEADED SOUTH. WE'RE
GONNA HAVE TO MOVE TO CATCH 'EM.
-COME ON, SANDY, COME ON! YEAH!
ALL RIGHT, I'VE
GOT IT. LET'S GO!
HIT IT.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-SLOW DOWN,
THAT'S THE BOAT.
-YOU SURE?
-YEAH.
[SIREN BEEPS]
[GUN FIRES]
-GET ME AS CLOSE
AS YOU CAN, HUH?
[GUN FIRES]
[MEN GRUNTING]
[BARKING]
-YOU ALL RIGHT, MITCH?
-YEAH.
-NOW THERE'S A MAN
WHO DEFINITELY HAS A
RIGHT TO REMAIN SILENT.
GOOD BOY.
-GOOD BOY.
WHERE YOU GOING?
[WHIMPERS]
OKAY, PAL. OKAY.
-OH! OH, HENRY! HENRY,
I THOUGHT YOU'D NEVER--
-HENRY!
-HOW'D YOU EVER
FIND ME, YOUNG MAN?
SO THAT'S YOUR NAME. HENRY.
-YES! THIS IS MY DOG.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
-I'M GONNA FIX YOU
A SPECIAL DINNER
FOR SAVING HENRY AND ME.
-WELL, ACTUALLY, I WOULD LOVE
TO STAY, BUT I REALLY CAN'T.
YOU SEE, I GOT A DATE.
-OH, WE WOULDN'T HEAR OF IT!
WE AIN'T HAD SUCH A FINE
LOOKING YOUNG MAN IN OUR BOAT
IN A MONTH OF SUNDAYS.
-[LAUGHS] MAYBE
SOME OTHER TIME, HUH?
[BARKS]
-NO, NO. I'M GONNA FIX
YOU SOME WHISKEY STEW.
IT STICKS TO THE RIBS, BOY.
-OH!
[LAUGHS]
-WELL, UH,
ACTUALLY, I'D LOVE TO STAY.
-YEAH. WELL, I'LL
START SUPPER. [GIGGLES]
[BARKING]
[GROANS]
-WELL, THERE YOU GO,
GEORGE. NICE, CLEAN TANK.
AND GRACIE, I HOPE YOU
APPROVE OF THE NEW DECOR.
[KNOCKS]
HI.
-CAN I COME IN?
-YEAH, SURE.
-EDDIE, I'M REALLY SORRY.
I HOPE YOU CAN FORGIVE ME.
UM, I'VE BEEN DOING
A LOT OF THINKING,
AND YOU'RE RIGHT.
I HAVE BEEN MONOPOLIZING
OUR TIME WITH MY PLANS.
BUT I, I BROUGHT
A PEACE OFFERING.
DODGER TICKETS, RIGHT
BEHIND THE DUGOUT, TONIGHT.
-YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME!
SHAUNI, THESE THINGS
ARE IMPOSSIBLE TO GET.
WAIT A MINUTE, IT'S
SATURDAY NIGHT.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR
PARENTS, THE CLUB?
-I TOLD MY PARENTS
THAT I HAVE SOMETHING
FAR MORE IMPORTANT TO DO WITH
SOMEBODY VERY IMPORTANT TO ME.
I MISSED YOU SO MUCH.
-I MISSED YOU, TOO.
LISTEN, WOULD YOU MIND IF
WE GOT THERE A LITTLE LATE?
-NO. WOULD YOU MIND IF
WE LEFT A LITTLE EARLY?
-WHY WOULD WE
LEAVE A LITTLE EARLY
IF WE'RE GONNA GET THERE LATE?
-FOR THE SAME REASON THAT
WE'RE GOING TO GET THERE LATE.
-SAY GOODNIGHT, GRACIE.
[END THEME PLAYS]